#Resultado do Prompt Sugerido em Engenharia de Prompts#
  Com base nos documentos fornecidos, o vocabulário total disponível vai até a palavra de número 3.999 (to minimize).
  Para cumprir sua meta de aprender 10 palavras por dia com exemplos práticos, seriam necessários aproximadamente 400 dias de estudo.
  Abaixo, apresento o cronograma para os seus primeiros 5 dias, utilizando frases e estruturas gramaticais encontradas em 
  "A Jornada do Autodidata" para garantir que você aprenda o uso real de cada termo.

#Cronograma de 5 dias com as 10 palavras e uma frase em cada uma delas#

Dia 1: O Essencial e Identidade

To be (ser, estar): I want to be a doctor.
And (e): I like coffee and tea.
Of (de): Brasília is the Capital of Brazil.
A (um, uma): Maria bought a funny dress.
In (em, dentro): The keys are in my bag.
To have (ter): I have to practice singing.
To (para, a): I want to go there.
It (isso, ele, ela - para objetos): It is blue.
I (eu): I am fast.
That (esse, aquele, que): That is his jacket.

Dia 2: Ações e Espaço
For (para, por): Fruit is very good for you.
You (você): You can do this.
He (ele): He is fat.
With (com): Who is that girl with Jim?
On (em, em cima): The papers are on the coffee table.
To do (fazer): What do you want to do today?
To say (dizer, contar): Tell us the truth!
This (este, esta): This is the game which I’m playing now.
They (eles, elas): They are playing volleyball.
At (em, às): My interview is at 3 pm.

Dia 3: Conectores e Negação
But (mas): It's a very nice house. Still, it is not expensive.
We (nós): We are a group.
His (dele): That is his jacket.
From (de, origem): I’m from Brazil.
That (que - relativo): The boy that father became rich is here.
Not (não): Jhon will not be working tomorrow.
n't (não - contração): You don't have a dog.
By (por, ao lado de): The store is by the bank.
She (ela): She runs a lot.
Or (ou): Monday or Tuesday. Whenever.

Dia 4: Qualificadores e Perguntas
As (como, à medida que): As soon as I arrived, I called her.
What (o que, qual): What is this?
To go (ir): I want to go there.
Their (deles, delas): I have classes with most of their teachers.
Can (poder, saber): Can you come at my house?
Who (quem): Who is that skinny woman?
To get (pegar, chegar, tornar-se): It's getting late.
All (tudo, todo): All of my bikes are in his house.
My (meu, minha): My birthday is in June.
To make (fazer, criar): Five and five make ten.

Dia 5: Tempo e Pensamento
About (sobre, ao redor): Tell us about your new car.
To know (saber, conhecer): I do not know what happened.
Will (indica futuro): I will do this alone.
As (como - preposição): She tries to do a good work as a Vet.
Up (para cima): Mike is up in his room.
One (um, se - impessoal): One doesn't know exactly what happened.
Time (tempo, hora): What time is our flight?
There (lá, ali): I want to go there.
Year (ano): I travel every year.
So (tão, então): Why are they so late?

#Continuações de Prompts#
Gostaria que gerasse os próximos 5 dias seguindo a lista
